projectroadmap.md, before:

# AutoMate Project Roadmap
- ### *Sprint 1* 
- [x] Project topic submitted and approved in D2L
- [x] GitHub account linked to KSU organization
- [x] Repository created for project "AutoMate", solo project
- [x] Updated readme file and committed changes
- [x] Explore existing python code of choice and submit findings to projectroadmap file
- ### *Sprint 2*
- [ ] Begin building code for Python aspect of AutoMate
- [ ] Add revisions to code in the form of detailed commits
- [ ] Draw strings of pre-existing code from inspiration souces to add to AutoMate
- [ ] Brainstorm the interface for the Flask website and it's visual theme
- [ ] Build the Flask extension and integrate Python code
- [ ] Test usability and debug
- [ ] Submit changes in the form of multiple commits
- ### *Sprint 3*
- [ ] Create PPT slide to demonstrate the key features of the project and adhere to guidelines in rubric
- [ ] Ensure that both the website and Python code seamlessly integrate with the link attached to the powerpoint
- [ ] Review project code and see if ambition for the project scale needs to be expanded

Commit message:

Updated road map
Updated road map in accordance to Sprint 2, revised project parameters. Ambition will be reassessed in the time before Sprint 3 and any oversights/under production will be addressed.

projectroadmap.md, after:

# AutoMate Project Roadmap
- ### *Sprint 1* 
- [x] Project topic submitted and approved in D2L
- [x] GitHub account linked to KSU organization
- [x] Repository created for project "AutoMate", solo project
- [x] Updated readme file and committed changes
- [x] Explore existing python code of choice and submit findings to projectroadmap file
- ### *Sprint 2*
- [x] Begin building code for Python aspect of AutoMate (flask portion likely no longer being pursued)
- [x] Add revisions to code in the form of detailed commits
- [x] Analyze and derive strings of pre-existing code from inspiration sources to add to AutoMate
- [x] Test usability so far and debug
- [x] Submit changes in the form of multiple commits
- ### *Sprint 3*
- [ ] Continue working on code and determine if project is ambitious enough by completion time.
- [ ] Brainstorm and add features to existing code if project requires more fleshed out features; oversights.  
- [ ] Create PPT slide to demonstrate the key features of the project and adhere to guidelines in rubric
- [ ] Ensure that code works seamlessly integrate with the link attached to the powerpoint
- [ ] Review project code and see if ambition for the project scale needs to be expanded
